README.md, before:

Email Module For Kohana 3.0
=================================

This is a direct port of the email helper from Kohana 2.3.3 source code.

It has been updated to work with SwiftMailer 4 and includes the libs dir from the 4.0.4 distribution.

Usage should be exactly as with old helper.

Methods defined:

### Email::connect($config = NULL)

Creates SwiftMailer object. $config is an array of configuration values and defaults to using the config file 'email'.

Note: PopBeforeSmtp is not supported in this release as I didn't know what was required to set it up.
It IS supported in Swiftmailer through the Swift_Plugins_PopBeforeSmtpPlugin plugin class. This can be used manually if required.
If anyone can modify and test the connect() methd with this functionality I'll add it but I can't find documentation about how it used to work (i.e. is expected to work) so I have left it out for now.

### Email::send($to, $from, $subject, $message, $html = false)

$to can be any of the following:

*  a single string email address e.g. "test@example.com"
*  an array specifying an email address and a name e.g. array('test@example.com', 'John Doe')
*  an array of recipients in either above format, keyed by type e.g. array('to' => 'test@example.com', 'cc' => array('test2@example.com', 'Jane Doe'), 'bcc' => 'another@example.com')

$from can be either a string email or array of email and name as above

More complex email (multipart, attachments, batch mailing etc.) must be done using the native Swift_Mailer classes. The Swift Mailer autoloader is included by connect() so you can use and class in the Swift library without worrying about including files.

The Swift_Mailer object setup by connect is returned by it so if you need to access it manually use:

        $mailer = Email::connect();

        // Create complex Swift_Message object stored in $message

        $mailer->send($message);

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect changes

README.md, after:

# Email Module For Kohana 3.x

Factory-based email class. This class is a simple wrapper around [Swiftmailer](http://github.com/swiftmailer/swiftmailer).

## Usage

Create new messages using the `Email::factory($subject, $message)` method. Add recipients, add sender, send message:

    $email = Email::factory('Hello, World', 'This is my body, it is nice.')
        ->to('person@example.com')
        ->from('you@example.com', 'My Name')
        ->send()
        ;

You can also add HTML to your message:

    $email->message('<p>This is <em>my</em> body, it is <strong>nice</strong>.</p>', 'text/html');

Additional recipients can be added using the `to()`, `cc()`, and `bcc()` methods.

Additional senders can be added using the `from()` and `reply_to()` methods. If multiple sender addresses are specified, you need to set the actual sender of the message using the `sender()` method. Set the bounce recipient by using the `return_path()` method.

To access and modify the [Swiftmailer message](http://swiftmailer.org/docs/messages) directly, use the `raw_message()` method.

## Configuration

Configuration is stored in `config/email.php`. The Swiftmailer transport can be manually configured by calling `Email::mailer($config)` before sending messages.
